exercises.md, before:

# JavaServer Faces Training Exercises

1. Create a "Hello World" JSF application. The application should have
   a single main page and it should display your name. Your name
   should be read from a managed bean.
   
2. Create a JSF application called "copymyname". The application
   displays an input field and a submit button. When the submit button
   is pressed the string "You have submitted: VALUE." should appear
   below the input field where VALUE is the field of the input
   field. The input field should be cleared after a submit and should
   be focused. The application should display a custom error message
   if the form is submitted with an empty value.

3. Create a JSF application called "navigationdemo". The application
   has three pages: a.xhtml, b.xhtml, c.xhtml with a header and a
   button labeled "Next". When the user presses the button, 50% of the
   time the application should navigate to the next page (a.xhtml ->
   b.xhtml -> c.xhtml -> finish.xhtml) or to the fail.xhtml otherwise.

Commit message:

Adding exercise: Backlog demo with composite components.

exercises.md, after:

# JavaServer Faces Training Exercises

1. Create a "Hello World" JSF application. The application should have
   a single main page and it should display your name. Your name
   should be read from a managed bean.
   
2. Create a JSF application called "copymyname". The application
   displays an input field and a submit button. When the submit button
   is pressed the string "You have submitted: VALUE." should appear
   below the input field where VALUE is the field of the input
   field. The input field should be cleared after a submit and should
   be focused. The application should display a custom error message
   if the form is submitted with an empty value.

3. Create a JSF application called "navigationdemo". The application
   has three pages: a.xhtml, b.xhtml, c.xhtml with a header and a
   link labeled "Next". When the user presses the button, 50% of the
   time the application should navigate to the next page (a.xhtml ->
   b.xhtml -> c.xhtml -> finish.xhtml) or to the fail.xhtml otherwise.

4. In this exercise you need to write an application which is used to
   organize user stories to a backlog. The user stories have names and
   T-shit sizes of S, M, L, XL, XXL. Create an application which adds
   user stores to a backlog. Use DataTable to display the backlog. Use
   as many composite components as possible. Create a Facelets page
   template with a header line. Use this template to create your
   application in this exercise.
